README.md, before:

<!-- Banner Section -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/7oSkaaa/7oSkaaa/refs/heads/main/Images/about_me.gif" width="120"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hi 😊, I'm Rivith Ranjuna</h1>
<p align="center">
  🚀 Transforming ideas into reality with code!<br>
  <em>Passionate about Software Engineering & Web Development</em>
</p>

---

<!-- About Me Section -->
- 👀 &nbsp;I’m interested in **Software Engineering**
- 🌱 &nbsp;Currently learning **MERN Stack**
- 💬 &nbsp;Ask me about **Web Development**
- 🤝 &nbsp;I’m looking to collaborate on **Open Source Projects**
- ⚡ &nbsp;Fun fact: I love solving algorithmic challenges and learning new tech!
- 📫 &nbsp;Reach me at: <a href="mailto:rivithranjuna60@gmail.com">rivithranjuna60@gmail.com</a>

---

<!-- Profile Views Section -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ranjuna120&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ranjuna120" />
</p>

<!-- Connect With Me Section -->
<h3 align="center">Connect with me</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/rivithranjuna" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="rivith-ranjuna" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/rivith.ranjuna/" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="rivith ranjuna" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/r_i_v_i_t_h" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="r_i_v_i_t_h" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<!-- Achievements Section -->
<h2 align="center">🏆 Achievements</h2>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ranjuna120&theme=flat&no-bg=true&margin-w=10&column=8" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</p>

<!-- Custom Trophy-style Badges (optional, edit points as needed) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Commits-627pt-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-35pt-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stars-10pt-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Issues-16pt-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repos-17pt-pink?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Followers-1pt-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Experience-Newbie-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
</p>

---

<!-- Languages & Tools Section -->
<h3 align="center">Languages & Tools</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.oracle.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank"><img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

<!-- GitHub Stats Section -->
<h2 align="center">🚀 GitHub Stats</h2>

<p align="center">
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ranjuna120&show_icons=true&hide_title=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's GitHub Stats" />
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ranjuna120&layout=compact&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's Top Languages" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ranjuna120&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's GitHub Streak"/>
</p>

---

<!-- Footer -->
<p align="center">
  🚀 Always eager to learn and collaborate on exciting projects!
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with Holopin badges and views
Added Holopin badges link and profile views section.

README.md, after:

<!-- Banner Section -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/7oSkaaa/7oSkaaa/refs/heads/main/Images/about_me.gif" width="120"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hi 😊, I'm Rivith Ranjuna</h1>
<p align="center">
  🚀 Transforming ideas into reality with code!<br>
  <em>Passionate about Software Engineering & Web Development</em>
</p>

---

<!-- About Me Section -->
- 👀 &nbsp;I’m interested in **Software Engineering**
- 🌱 &nbsp;Currently learning **MERN Stack**
- 💬 &nbsp;Ask me about **Web Development**
- 🤝 &nbsp;I’m looking to collaborate on **Open Source Projects**
- ⚡ &nbsp;Fun fact: I love solving algorithmic challenges and learning new tech!
- 📫 &nbsp;Reach me at: <a href="mailto:rivithranjuna60@gmail.com">rivithranjuna60@gmail.com</a>

---
[![An image of @ranjuna120's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/ranjuna120)](https://holopin.io/@ranjuna120)
---

<!-- Profile Views Section -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ranjuna120&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ranjuna120" />
</p>

<!-- Connect With Me Section -->
<h3 align="center">Connect with me</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/rivithranjuna" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="rivith-ranjuna" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/rivith.ranjuna/" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="rivith ranjuna" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/r_i_v_i_t_h" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="r_i_v_i_t_h" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<!-- Achievements Section -->
<h2 align="center">🏆 Achievements</h2>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ranjuna120&theme=flat&no-bg=true&margin-w=10&column=8" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</p>

<!-- Custom Trophy-style Badges (optional, edit points as needed) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Commits-627pt-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-35pt-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stars-10pt-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Issues-16pt-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repos-17pt-pink?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Followers-1pt-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Experience-Newbie-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" />
</p>

---

<!-- Languages & Tools Section -->
<h3 align="center">Languages & Tools</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.oracle.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank"><img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

<!-- GitHub Stats Section -->
<h2 align="center">🚀 GitHub Stats</h2>

<p align="center">
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ranjuna120&show_icons=true&hide_title=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's GitHub Stats" />
  <img height="170" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ranjuna120&layout=compact&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's Top Languages" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ranjuna120&hide_border=true&theme=radical" alt="Rivith's GitHub Streak"/>
</p>

---

<!-- Footer -->
<p align="center">
  🚀 Always eager to learn and collaborate on exciting projects!
</p>
